:sparkles: enabled custom auth method implementation -mschabel (#5)
LivePersonInc/faas-client-node: README.md

### Initializing the client

The client will use the OAuth2.0 flow `client_credentials` for authorization. Please refer to these [docs](https://developers.liveperson.com/liveperson-functions-external-invocations-client-credentials.html) for further information on that. On each request the client will check if the `JWT` is about to expire. If this is the case, the client will try to refresh it. If the `JWT` is expired and the client failed to refresh it, an `Error` is thrown. The time after which the refreshing logic will kick in can be specified via the property `jwtRefreshAfterMinutes`. Alternatively, you can provide your own authorization method that generates a suitable authorization header
by implementing a method that fulfills the GetAuthorizationHeader-Interface:
```ts
export type GetAuthorizationHeader = (input: {
  url: string;
  method: string;
}) => Promise<string>;
```

> Example:

Reviewer: Please add a new line between the interface + Example. So it becomes visual separated.

Author: implemented

### Initializing the client

> The client will use the OAuth2.0 flow `client_credentials` for authorization. Please refer to these [docs](https://developers.liveperson.com/liveperson-functions-external-invocations-client-credentials.html) for further information on that. On each request the client will check if the `JWT` is about to expire. If this is the case, the client will try to refresh it. If the `JWT` is expired and the client failed to refresh it, an `Error` is thrown. The time after which the refreshing logic will kick in can be specified via the property `jwtRefreshAfterMinutes`.

Reviewer: It would be better if we let that part up here and reformulate it and in the bottom use `// Alternative:` similar to how you did it for the Default option.

Reformulation:
> Alternatively, you can provide your own authorization method that generates a suitable authorization header
> by implementing a method that implements the `GetAuthorizationHeader`-Interface:

```ts
type GetAuthorizationHeader = (input: {
  url: string;
  method: string;
}) => Promise<string>;
```

Author: implemented

```js

> // Option 1: Provide client id and client secret as auth strategy as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Default: Provide client id and client secret as auth strategy as follows
```

Reviewer: It makes more sense in highlighting that this is the default behavior. And then moving over to the Alternative own implementation.

Author: Implemented

import { Client } from 'liveperson-functions-client';

const client = new Client({
  accountId: 'myAccountId',
  authStrategy: {
    clientId: 'myClientId',
    clientSecret: 'myClientSecret',
  },
});
```

Alternatively you can provide your own authorization method that generates a suitable authorization header. To do so utilise our `GetAuthorizationHeader` type.

How the type `GetAuthorizationHeader` looks like:
```ts
export type GetAuthorizationHeader = (input: {
  url: string;
  method: string;
}) => Promise<string>;
```
Full example:
```ts

> // Option 2: Provide your own implementation of our type getAuthorizationHeader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Alternative: Provide your own implementation of our type getAuthorizationHeader
```

Author: implemented

import { Client, GetAuthorizationHeader } from 'liveperson-functions-client';

const getAuthorizationHeader: GetAuthorizationHeader = async ({
  url,
  method,
}) => {

>   // insert your implementation here

Reviewer: Maybe show the OAuth as an example here ?

Author: implemented
